What's the situation with Lou Zi'er?
The brothers in the front part pass back for entertainment
This time it's worse than I thought.
According to intelligence
This time it's not just the southern province
Ning Shengqiang and Huaguan's underground forces
They also secretly rushed to the South Province
Meeting with the Jishan God
This includes Jiangbei Ren Chengsen
And the Central Plains Fang Jujie and so on
Jiangbei Ren Chengsen
It is said that Tudu Jiangbei Glass is notorious for Zhaojun
And this Fang Junjie
It is also known as the fire of the clouds
disaster
Bad things done
And there they were.
You have huge obligations.
Many times, what should we do next, Xiaoyu?
Did something big happen?
Why is the whole difficult situation close to each other?
The hidden wind injury is not cured yet
Take a good rest at home
What are you doing here?
Master, tell me, right?
What big move does Lin Shangqiang have?
Chu Cangfeng's undercover mission was successfully completed
I stand for awe.
Welcome back.
rest with me
Your task now is to rest well at home
All actions are not allowed
old four
There is important information to be explained in the ancient city